
**The Wonderful Wizard of Oz**

Once upon a time, in a small farmhouse on the Kansas prairies, lived a little girl named Dorothy with her Uncle Henry, Aunt Em, and her loyal dog, Toto. One day, a powerful cyclone swept across the plains, lifting their house into the air and carrying Dorothy and Toto far away to the magical land of Oz.

When the house finally landed, it crushed the Wicked Witch of the East, freeing the Munchkins from her tyranny. Grateful, the Munchkins and Glinda, the Good Witch of the North, welcomed Dorothy to their land and gave her the Witch’s silver shoes. However, Dorothy only wished to return home to Kansas.

Glinda told her that to find her way home, she would need to travel to the Emerald City to seek the help of the great and powerful Wizard of Oz. With this in mind, Dorothy set off down the Yellow Brick Road.

Along the way, Dorothy met three new friends. The first was a Scarecrow, who longed for a brain to make him smart. The second was a Tin Woodman, who desired a heart so he could love again. The third was a Cowardly Lion, who wanted courage so he could be the King of the Forest without fear. They all decided to join Dorothy on her journey to ask the Wizard for what they desired.

After many adventures, including escaping the clutches of the Wicked Witch of the West, Dorothy and her friends finally reached the Emerald City. The Wizard agreed to grant their wishes but on the condition that they defeat the Wicked Witch of the West.

Together, Dorothy and her friends set out on this new quest. After a series of dangerous encounters, Dorothy accidentally melted the Wicked Witch by splashing her with a bucket of water. With the Witch defeated, they returned to the Emerald City for their rewards.

However, they discovered that the Wizard was not a real wizard, but a kind-hearted man from Kansas, much like Dorothy herself. Despite this, he helped the Scarecrow realize he already had wisdom, the Tin Woodman find his kindness, and the Lion discover his bravery. 

To help Dorothy get back home, the Wizard built a hot air balloon. But before they could depart, Toto jumped out of the basket, and Dorothy ran after him. The balloon left without her.

Just when Dorothy thought she might never return home, Glinda appeared and told her that the silver shoes she had been wearing held the power to take her back to Kansas. All Dorothy had to do was click her heels together three times and wish to go home.

Dorothy did as Glinda said, and in an instant, she was back in Kansas, waking up in her bed. Overjoyed, she hugged her Aunt Em and Uncle Henry, realizing there’s no place like home.

---

You can now copy this directly into your text file!
